versatile-data-kit: Update CONTRIBUTING.md with links to coding standard (#794)
vmware/versatile-data-kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

Also, reach out to the community - through Slack or mail to discuss your idea. We are happy to help.

## Coding Standard

> The Versatile Data Kit coding standard can be found [here](https://github.com/vmware/versatile-data-kit/wiki/Coding-Standard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Versatile Data Kit Coding Standard can be found [here](https://github.com/vmware/versatile-data-kit/wiki/Coding-Standard).
```

- Break code commits into small self-contained units;
- Commit messages must follow the template in [git-commit-template.txt](support/git-commit-template.txt).
  We aim to follow https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit;

> - The change follows the [coding standard](https://github.com/vmware/versatile-data-kit/wiki/Coding-Standard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The change must abide by the [Coding Standard](https://github.com/vmware/versatile-data-kit/wiki/Coding-Standard)
```
